fix(testing): Remove the experimental warning from the Cypress integration (#3704)
clerk/javascript: packages/testing/README.md

### Cypress

> ⚠️ **Please note:** This package does not support unit testing with Cypress. It's intended for end-to-end testing only.

Reviewer: I'd simply revert the order here
```suggestion
⚠️ **Please note:** Its intended usage is for **end-to-end** testing only. This package does not support unit testing with Cypress.
```
